Update "Add entry to the Webpack configuration" for 5.0 (#2895)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/update_and_migration/from_4.6/update_to_5.0.md

composer recipes:install symfony/webpack-encore-bundle --reset --force --yes
```

> Compare with your previous version, merge them together, take care of [`webpackconfig.js` usage changee](#webpackconfigjs-usage-update), and test your customizations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Compare with your previous version, merge them together, take care of [`webpack.config.js` usage change](#webpackconfigjs-usage-update), and test your customizations.
```

yarn --cwd ./vendor/ibexa/rector/js transform
```

##### `webpack.config.js` usage update

> To add your customizations back into to the new webpack.config.js, take care of the following changes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To add your customizations back into to the new webpack.config.js, adjust your code to the following changes:
```

- Contrary to 4.6, in 5.0, `ibexaConfig` isn't available by default in `webpack.config.js`. You have to require then export it.

> - The `./ibexa.webpack.config.manager.js` file at project root doesn't exist anymore, you have to require it through its alias path `@ibexa/frontend-config/webpack-config/manager` to get `ibexaConfigManager`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The `./ibexa.webpack.config.manager.js` file at project root doesn't exist anymore.
To get `ibexaConfigManager`, require it through its alias path `@ibexa/frontend-config/webpack-config/manager`.
```
